Readme update - Closes #205 (#277)
LiskHQ/lisk-service: docs/api/websocket_subscribe_api.md

# Lisk Service Subscribe API Documentation

> The Lisk Service is a web application that interacts with the whole Lisk ecosystem in various aspects. Update about blockchain events is one of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Lisk Service is a web application that interacts with the entire Lisk ecosystem in various aspects. For example, one key aspect is an update about blockchain events.
```

> The Subscribe API is sometimes called publish/subscribe or Event-Driven API. The biggest difference between Event-Driven and regular REST API is not only technical: in practice, they use two-way streaming connection, which means that not only client can request server for a data (and potential updates), but also the server can notify the client about new data instantly, as they arrive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Subscribe API is sometimes called publish/subscribe or Event-Driven API. The biggest difference between Event-Driven and regular REST API is not only technical. In practice, a two-way streaming connection is used, which means that not only can the client request the server for a data update, (and also potential updates) but also the server can notify the client about new data instantly as it arrives.
```

Lisk Service leverages the two-way communication approach by utilizing the WebSocket library responsible for updating users about changes in the blockchain network and markets.

## <a name='table-of-contents'></a>Table of Contents

<!-- vscode-markdown-toc -->

> * [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

Reviewer 2: This seems unnecessary.
```suggestion
```

* [Access paths and compatibility](#access-paths-and-compatibility)
* [Endpoint Logic](#endpoint-logic)
* [Responses](#responses)
* [Date Format](#date-format)
* [Example of a client implementation](#example-of-a-client-implementation)
    * [Node.js](#node.js)

> * [`update.block`](#`update.block`)
>     * [Response](#response)
> * [`update.round`](#`update.round`)
>     * [Response](#response-1)
> * [`update.transactions.confirmed`](#`update.transactions.confirmed`)
>     * [Response](#response-2)
> * [`update.transactions.unconfirmed`](#`update.transactions.unconfirmed`)
>     * [Response](#response-3)

Reviewer 2: I recommend grouping the events into a single section: `Emitted blockchain updates` and make the TOC a little less overwhelming:

```suggestion
* [Emitted blockchain updates](#blockchain-updates-\(`/blockchain`\))
    * [`update.block`](#`update.block`)
    * [`update.round`](#`update.round`)
    * [`update.transactions.confirmed`](#`update.transactions.confirmed`)
    * [`update.transactions.unconfirmed`](#`update.transactions.unconfirmed`)
```

Author: It's auto-generated, so it's rather hard to make it nice every time at the refresh.

<!-- vscode-markdown-toc-config
	numbering=false
	autoSave=true
	/vscode-markdown-toc-config -->
<!-- /vscode-markdown-toc -->

## <a name='access-paths-and-compatibility'></a>Access paths and compatibility

The blockchain update API can be accessed by the following path `https://service.lisk.io/blockchain`.

You might also be interested in accessing the `testnet` network by using the `https://testnet-service.lisk.io/blockchain` endpoint.

> **Important:** The Lisk Service WebSocket API uses the `socket.io` library. This implementation is compatible with the version 2.0 of `socket.io` library. Using a wrong major version might result in broken connection and messages not being passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important:** The Lisk Service WebSocket API uses the `socket.io` library. This implementation is compatible with the version 2.0 of `socket.io` library. Using the wrong major version might result in a broken connection and messages not being passed.
```

}
```

## <a name='date-format'></a>Date Format

> In the contrary to the original Lisk Core API, all timestamps used by the Lisk Service are in the UNIX timestamp format. The blockchain dates are always expressed as integers and the epoch date is equal to the number of seconds since 1970-01-01 00:00:00.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the contrary to the original Lisk Core API, all timestamps used by the Lisk Service are in the UNIX timestamp format. The blockchain dates are always expressed as integers and the epoch date is equal to the number of seconds since 1970-01-01 00:00:00.
```
